ACTION AGAINST A COMEDIAN.

AT the Southwark County Court, on Monday morning, before his Honour
Judge Holroyd, the case of Didcott v. Macdermots was heard. Mr.
Armstrong, solicitor, appeared for the plaintiff, who, he said, was a
musical and dramatic agent. Defendant was a comedian and vocalist, and
was also an agent, and the action was brought against him to recover the
sum of £35 11s. 8d., being commission due upon engagements procured for
him by the plaintiff. The first item was commission at five percent upon
Mr. Macdermott's engagement at the London Pavilion at £20 per week, on
which engagement there were twenty-three weeks' commission due up to
July 29th. Then there was commission at five per cent upon Mr.
Macdermott's engagements at the Cambridge Music Hall £15 per week, and
at Collins's at £12 12s. per week; upon two engagements at Edinburgh and
Newcastle at £30 per week and at the Star, in Dublin, at £40 per week.
Mr. R. Andrews, the plaintiff's clerk, was called to prove the claim,
and produced the contracts in respect of which the action was brought.
The defendant said he was quite prepared to pay the plaintiff £24 1s.
8d., and had brought a cheque with him for that sum. He said he objected
to pay commission upon all re engagements. Not only as that unusual,
but-- His Honour: I never saw an engagement upon which there was not
commission payable upon re-engagements. Mr. Armstrong: Mr. Didcott made
this man. He was nobody before Mr. Didcott took him up. The Defendant
(excitedly): I was Macdermott before Mr. Didcott ever came into the
business. Mr. Armstrong: You are an agent yourself? Defendant: No, I am
not an agent. Mr. Armstrong: What does "Macdermott's Universal Dramatic
and Musical Agency" mean, then? Defendant: That is my brother, Edward
Macdermott. Mr. Armstrong: Don't you know that the usual commission is
ten percent.? Defendant: Not with a man of my reputation. Big turns like
myself pay five per cent. His honour remarked that where a man put his
hand to a certain document, and that document was brought into court, he
could not go away from it. He gave judgment for the plaintiff for the
amount claimed. The defendant offered to hand over his cheque for £24
1s. 8d. Mr. Armstrong: We would rather not take his cheque, sir.
Defendant (excitedly): He has borrowed money of me and my family. I have
been brought here to be insulted. Mr. Didcott: He has said he is not an
agent. I shall be able to prove right up to the hilt that he is an
agent. The parties then left the court.
