CHARGE AGAINST A MANAGING DIRECTOR.

ON Monday, at the Central Criminal Court, Mr. Henry William Pound, late
managing director of a limited liability company, called Pound, Son, and
Hutchings, now in liquidation, surrendered to take his trial for
unlawfully obtaining timber of the value of £4,000, by false pretences.
The prosecutors in this case were Messrs. Brinsmead and Co., pianoforte
manufacturers and timber merchants. The company of which the defendant
was the managing director was formed for the purpose of carrying on the
business of timber merchants and packing-case makers. At the close of
last year, they had entered into extensive contracts with the Government
for the supply of packing cases and ammunition boxes to the War Office.
Messrs. Brinsmead had supplied considerable quantities of timber to the
company, and they were desirions to have some additional security for
payment. An arrangement, it appeared, was then made, the terms of which
were that whenever the company had sent in to the War Office
packing-cases and boxes they should be supplied with timber to a
corresponding amount by Brinsmead and Co., bills being given by the
company for the amount. The allegation on the part of the prosecution
was that from time to time the defendant represented that large
quantities of cases had been delivered to the War Office, and thus fresh
supplies of timber were obtained by the company, the fact being that no
such goods had been. supplied to the War Office, and in the month of
March last the company went into liquidation, which led to the discovery
of the alleged fraud. It appeared, however, that the contracts entered
into by the company with the Government were really valuable contracts,
under which the defendant's company would have derived considerable
profit, and that but for the winding-up of the company by an adverse
creditor, the supply of cases at the War Office would have continued to
go on, and the prosecutors would, in all probability, have received full
payment. It also appeared that everything that was done by the defendant
in the matter was done in his capacity of managing director on behalf of
the company. It was also elicited in favour of the defendant that at the
time of the winding-up goods of the value of £500 were ready for
delivery by the company to the War Office. Witnesses were called for the
defence, whose evidence went to show that the company was using every
exertion to carry out the contracts, and that no fraud was contemplated.
The jury found the defendant guilty, but not with intent to defraud, and
strongly recommended him to mercy. Mr. Gill reminded the court that the
defendant had lost everything he possessed, or he would, by his
connection with this company, and he never intended to commit any fraud.
The recorder allowed the defendant to be discharged upon his entering
into a recognizance to appear and receive judgment if called upon.
