A GANG OF YOUTHFUL BURGLARS.

AT the Dalston Police-court Frederick Bushell, fifteen, boot finisher,
of Crozier-terrace, Hackney; James Arnold, fourteen, errand boy, of
Oswald-street, Hackney-wick; and Noah Dunkley, twelve, school-boy, of
Overberry-road, Hackney-wick, were charged on remand with being in a
disused oilcloth factory in Glyn-road, Clapton-park, supposed for the
purpose of committing a felony. The boys were found in the building at
ten o'clock on the previous Saturday morning. They had evidently made
the place their home. The elder boy was armed with a catapult, and in
his possession were a number of lead pellets. The extensive building had
been almost stripped of its piping, and there were evidences that the
lead so obtained had been melted down to make pellets for the catapults,
which were used to shoot the numerous birds nested in the roof of the
building, which were afterwards cooked and eaten. On the house where
Arnold resided being searched a chisel fashioned like a burglar's
"jemmy" was found, together with a silver-plated teapot and cream jug,
and several plated spoons, which it was ascertained had been stolen from
a house in Percy-terrace, Mandeville-street, Clapton. The owner was not
present, and Constable 208 J said there was no further evidence to
connect the prisoners with the robbery at that house. A solicitor
representing the owner, who is away in Russia, said that during the past
few years Â£700 worth of damage had been done to the buildings by boys. A
wall eight feet high surrounded the building, and as the inner staircase
had long since disappeared he was at a loss to know how the boys got to
the top floor. Arnold said they got over the outer wall from some
gardens at the back, and, having forced the windows, they climbed up the
beams to the top floor. The solicitor added that great danger might
arise to adjoining property by the boys kindling fires on the floor. The
boys seemed to have been neglected by their parents, one mother
admitting that she had taken a situation as a house keeper and left the
boy to shift for himself. Mr. Corser said Bushell appeared to be the
ringleader, and he probably had led the other boys away. He would have
ten days' imprisonment and be detained for five years in a reformatory.
The younger boys would go to the workhouse for a week, and Mr. Hiscocks,
the School Board officer, would find industrial schools for them.
