SINGULAR ACTION FOR SLANDER.

I the Sheriff’s Court for the County of London, last week, the case of
Mary Blaver Bennett (a married woman, suing in respect of a separate
estate) v. James Beneys—it being an action for slander—came on for
assessment of damages, Before Mr. Under-Sheriff Burchell and a jury. Mr.
Harper, barrister, appeared for the plaintiff, who resides at 6,
Waterloo-place, Bromell’s-buildings, Clapham; and the defendant, who
appeared in person, is a painter, residing in the same neighborhood. Mr.
Harper, in opening the case, declared that the language complained of
was of the very worst character. What the defendant said to the
plaintiff was, “You are a thief, and you have robbed me of £3.” That was
a specific charge, in specific language, but the defendant had not
appeared to support it, and judgment had been given against him by
default. But this accusation was not all the defendant said of the
plaintiff. He also said, “You keep nothing but a house of ill-fame,” and
he even accused her of encouraging his daughters at her house. It was
true that the defendant’s daughters did visit the plaintiffs house, but
the explanation of that was that, when the mother of the girls died, she
commended them on her dead bed to the care of her friend, the plaintiff.
Mary Bennett, the plaintiff, was called, and stated that she had known
the defendant as a neighbour for twelve years, and had been a friend of
his wife and children. On May 17th last she met the defendant, and asked
to speak to him, but before she could open her mouth he made use of the
language complained of. Up to that time she never had any quarrel with
him. As a result of his charges she had suffered very much in the eyes
of her neighbours. She had been hooted at and pointed at as the woman
who took the man’s daughters away. The defendant went into the box and
repeated his assertions, but called no witnesses. He asserted that he
had been cruelly treated, and accused plaintiff of making certain
assertions with respect to his relations with his late wife. At last the
Under-Sheriff interfered in a particularly vehement speech, with the
remark, “Really, gentleman, the court is being turned into a chamber of
horrors.” The jury eventually found a verdict of £3. Defendant: I have
no money. The Under-Sheriff: I can’t help that. The law must take its
course.
