ACTION FOR LIBEL.

THE hearing of the case of Jones v. Stewart and Co., Limited, Ross and
Major was resumed and concluded in the Lord Mayor’s Court on Saturday.
The plaintiff, Mr. G. C. Jones, a journalist, sued the defendants, who
are respectively the publishers, editor, and contributor to the Agnostic
Journal, to recover damages for an alleged libel upon him contained in
an issue of March 2nd last. It appeared that all the parties had
formerly been friends. A book entitled “The Life of Charles Bradlaugh,
M.P.” was brought out under the name of Mackay, but Mr. Bradlaugh sued
Ross and Mackay for libel. In that action the present plaintiff gave
evidence of Mr. Bradlaugh, and the result was that an injunction was
obtained against the publication of the work. The alleged libel then
appeared in the journal, in the form of a letter written by Major,
imputing that the plaintiff acted from sinister motives, also that he
had deserted his colours in giving evidence, and that after attacking
Mr. Bradlaugh violently in pamphlets he had turned round and acted like
a “splenetic weathercock.” The plaintiff denied this imputation. No
evidence was called for the defence, and the jury found for the
plaintiff for £30.

__________________________________

ON Friday an occurrence, almost without precedent, happened at Leigh, a
village near Sherborne. A farmer, named Charles Perris, found that his
bees were swarming, and he proceeded to “take” them. He, however,
neglected the usual precautions of covering his face, and one of the
bees entered his mouth. The insect settled in his throat, and stung the
unfortunate man so severely that he died from suffocation, caused by the
swelling, in a few minutes.

AT the Clerkenwell Police-court, on Monday, John Lindsey, forty, a
carpenter, of Ansell-street, Fulham was charged with violently
assaulting John Robert Burrows. The complainant, a ticket collector in
the employ of the Metropolitan Railway Company, was collecting tickets
at the Farringdon-road Station late on Saturday night, when prisoner
asked him when the next train left for Hammersmith. Witness told him,
and Lindsey said, “You might be civil, you drunken fool.” Burrows said
he had answered civilly, and remonstrated with the prisoner for speaking
to him in that way, when Lindsey struck him a heavy blow in the face,
severely blackening one of his eyes. The prisoner, in defence, said he
believed the complainant was drunk at the time. The complainant made him
angry by answering his question very sharply. Witnesses were called for
the prosecution, who said that the complainant was perfectly sober. Mr.
Haden Corser ordered Lindsey to pay a fine of £4, and £1 costs, in
default to be imprisoned for a month.
