DEATH FROM LEAD POISONING.

ON Saturday Dr. Macdonald, M.P., held an inquiry at the Vestry Hall,
Church-row, Bethnal Green, respecting the death of Kathleen King, aged
forty, the wife of William King, a labourer, of 43, Half Nichol-street,
Bethnal Green, who died on Wednesday. Annie Hockins deposed that
deceased worked at Grace's Lead Works, Bethnal Green-road, and lodged
with her. Some weeks ago deceased was in the hospital, suffering from
the effects of lead poisoning. She returned to her work, but continually
complained of illness after. On Sunday she had a fit. Witness advised
her husband not to let her go back to the works. He said he would not.
On Wednesday she was called to deceased by a neighbour. On going into
the bedroom she found deceased in bed, her head hanging over the side.
Martha Kilby, of 2, Catherine buildings, deposed that she was called by
the last witness. Seeing she was very ill and unconscious, she ran for a
doctor, but she died shortly after his arrival. Mary Brown stated that
she lived in the same house as deceased. She knew she had been to the
hospital to be treated for lead poisoning. Dr. Lewis Paton, of the
Mildmay Mission, deposed to being called on Wednesday to deceased about
five p.m. She was unconscious and breathing hard. He tried artificial
respiration, which was of no avail. She died about six o'clock. The
cause of death was epileptic convulsions from chronic lead poisonting.
The jury returned a verdict in accordance with that of the medical
evidence. A representative of the firm where the deceased was employed
being present, stated, in reply to the coroner, that every precaution
was taken with regard to cleanliness. A bath-room was properly fitted up
for the employees. A doctor went round and examined everyone on Fridays,
but they found a great difficulty to get the people to be clean-in fact,
the deceased hid herself on the last occasion to escape examination. The
coroner said he had no doubt every precaution had been taken by the
firm. When lead once got into the system people employed in this class
of work should never go to it again, as it was sure to eventually prove
fatal.

________________________

A CENTRAL NEWS telegram from New York says: -- A sad accident occurred
in Fairmount Park. Two men and two women were in a rowing boat on an
artificial lake in the park, when they allowed the craft to drift too
near a dam over which there was a strong flow of water. The boat was
carried over the fall, and all its occupants drowned.
