A SUICIDE'S LETTER.

A MAN named John James Norman should have surrendered to his bail at the
Greenwich Police-court, on Monday, on a charge of assaulting a little
girl. Last week, however, he committed suicide by hanging, and Mr.
Holmes Moss (solicitor) read the following letter he had received from
the accused: — "Point Hill House, July 9th, 1889. Dear Sir, —You need
not trouble about my case. I am innocent of the charge I am accused of.
The police can prosecute the body; they cannot follow the soul. I am not
afraid to meet my God. man has got. Man is the greatest enemy If the
police would try to prevent crime instead of laying traps to create it,
there would not be one half the misery in the world there is. £ s. d. is
the god of all classes, parsons not excepted. I am hunted down for
trying to do good. My only object, motive, or intention on the 25th of
June was to do the dear little children good. For me to come into court
with only one witness when they have four, coached and trained for one
week before they took action, and another week to complete it; had I the
opportunity to go into the witness-box (my mouth is closed) I should not
have taken the step I have. Hoping you will read this to the Court, and
try to open the way to remove the great obstruction to justice by
keeping a culprit's mouth closed in defence of his innocence, believe
me, yours respectfully, J. J. NORMAN. N.B. —If I have judged anyone
wrongfully I hope they will forgive me. Mr. Moss, jun., New-cross." Mr.
Kennedy said it was a dreadful tragedy.

____________________

MARGARET HUNTER, of 153, St. Pancras-road, threw her baby out of the
second floor window, and then jumped out herself. They fell fifteen feet
on to a cistern, and were neither severely injured. At Clerkenwell the
woman was charged, and committed for trial.

A YOUNG man named Frank Browning, aged twenty-one, of Queen's-road,
Wickham-lane, near Plumstead, was sitting on a haycock in a field at
Black Fen, between Bexley and Eltham, when he was struck in the face by
some shots from a gun, some of the missiles entering his left eye. The
gun was fired by a lad of fourteen, named Charles Hills, of
Scudder's-lane, Bexley, to whom it had been lent. He pointed it, he
says, at two sparrows, and did not see Browning until he cried out, when
he became frightened and ran away. The injured man has lost the sight of
his left eye, and several shots have been extracted from his face and
ears.

THOMAS BURKE, nineteen, a slater, of Anatola-road, Upper Holloway, was
charged before Mr. Bros, at the Dalston Police-court, on Monday
afternoon, with disturbing the members of the Salvation Army by shouting
and swearing and using disgusting language inside the "army " barracks,
a duly registered place of worship, at Salisbury-road, Upper Holloway.
“Lieutenant” Bessie Bellamy deposed that the previous afternoon the
prisoner was at the service as stated, and talked loudly and persisted
in singing when others had stopped. He talked loudly whilst the captain
was reading the Bible. Sergeant Smith deposed to hearing the
disturbance, and to asking the prisoner to withdraw. He refused, but on
subsequently being detained until a policeman was fetched he asked in a
loud voice, "What the devil are you keeping me here for?" The bad
language alleged to have been used by prisoner was spoken to; and
Police-constable 50 YR having said the prisoner was violent and threw
him when arrested, Mr. Bros passed sentence of one month's hard labour.
A woman at the back of the court screamed and fainted on hearing this.
