SHOWMEN AND THE COUNTY COUNCIL.

AT the Marylebone Police-court, on Thursday, Henry Hall, of Fleet-road,
Hampstead, appeared before Mr. Cooke, on an adjourned summons taken out
by Mr. William Smallpeice, district survey or, for putting up five
wooden structures or erections of a movable or temporary character
without having obtained a licence of the London County Council. Mr.
Freke Palmer, solicitor, defended. Mr. Smallpeice, in reply to the
magistrate, said the structures consisted of canvas booths, a steam
roundabout thirty feet in diameter, with a canvas roof, a
shooting-gallery with an iron roof and a wooden front, and a travelling
caravan. Most of them were on wheels. They were close to the property of
an adjoining owner. Mr. Palmer said his client had nothing to do with
the show booth, and Mr. Smallpeice withdrew that. Cross-examined: He
supposed it would take a week or a fortnight to get a licence from the
County Council. Mr. Palmer produced an official document to show that
the vestry received rates on an assessment which included the land in
question, let out for the purpose of swings, &c. Mr. Cooke, in giving
his decision observed that he had nothing to do with what the vestry had
done. This was a matter for the County Council. The mere question of
swings was not before him. He had to decide the question of the erection
of a certain building. It was not necessary that a building should
consist of bricks and mortar; it might be constructed of wood. Nor was
it necessary that it should be fixed to the ground. There were two
decisions which bore on this case, that in the case of Quilter and Smart
being of considerable importance. The Act 45 Vic., cap. 14, sec. 13, was
very clear: “It shall not be lawful for any person to erect or set up in
any place any wooden structure of a movable or temporary character
(unless the same be exempt from the operation of the first part of the
Metropolitan Building Act, 1885) without a licence in writing first had
an obtained from the Board.” The Act, therefore, included wooden
structures and movable erections in any place whatever. The object was
quite clear—it was to protect against fire. There were certain
exemptions in the Act, but these structures did not come within that
category. Of course, a mere polo put up for children to swing round it
would not come within the meaning of the Act, but a steam round-about,
with an organ in the centre and a canvas cover over it such as had been
described, was certainly a building within the meaning of the Act, for
which it would be necessary to get a licence from the County Council. He
should fine the defendant a nominal sum of 20s. with 2s. costs. Mr.
Cooke added that he did not intend his decision in this case to be a
side-wind for doing away with fairs; that could be done in quite a
different way.
