A GREAT FUSS ABOUT NOTHING.

AT the Wandsworth Police-court, on Friday, Joseph Hutnott, a
costermonger, of Oak-cottages, Clapham, was charged with disorderly
conduct, causing a crowd to assemble, and assaulting Police-constable
Palfrey, 477 W, while in the execution of his duty. An officer stated
that on the previous day he saw a procession, numbering about two
hundred persons, proceeding along Waterloo-place, being accompanied with
a barrow containing two effigies, several men beating trays and
saucepans, thus causing considerable uproar. Mr. Plowden: Did the
effigies resemble any prominent personages? Witness: They were meant for
local people. Mr. Plowden: They were local celebrities? (Laughter.)
Witness: Yes, sir. He explained that the demonstration was the outcome
of an action for slander in the Court of Queen’s Bench, the effigies
representing the successful parties to the suit. He desired them to
disperse, and the effigies were taken into a yard. The crowd then
congregated in front of the house occupied by the man and woman who were
being subjected to this annoyance, and the display of angry feeling and
throwing of stones at the front door greatly alarmed the inmates. Mr.
Plowden: Was the prisoner one of the two hundred? Witness: Yes, Sir. Mr.
Plowden: One only here? The hundred and ninety-nine are not here.
(Laughter.) The constable added that a fire was lit in the garden of the
house opposite for the purpose of burning the effigies. He saw the
prisoner carrying the woman effigy toward the fire, but on seeing him he
threw it into his face and made off. The prisoner, in his defence, said
he threw the effigy over his shoulder, but not with the intention of
striking the officer. He called a woman, who created some amusement by
stating that the effigies wore kid gloves and were filled with straw and
little hay. The constable said if it had been made of something else it
might have injured him. (Laughter.) Mr. Plowden: I see; as it was made
of straw it only tickled you. (Loud laughter.) I think there has been a
great deal made out of this. I can’t say the prisoner was not guilty of
disorderly conduct, but it was of the most innocent kind. The prisoner
was fined 2s. 6d., or three days.
