ARREST OF SALVATIONISTS.

AT the Westminster Police-court, on Monday, William Blaney, twenty-one,
described as a cadet in the Salvation Army, living at the barracks in
Cheyne-row, Chelsea, was charged before Mr. Sheil with wilfully
obstructing the public footway at First-street, Chelsea, by preaching
therein, and with refusing to give his name and address when requested
to do so by Police-sergeant Howlett, 3 B Reserve. There was another
charge against Arthur Reynolds, twenty-two, captain in the Salvation
Army, and fourteen other persons, all members of the army, of disorderly
conduct, causing a crowd to assemble, and refusing to disperse, at
Walton-street, Chelsea, whereby the thoroughfare was obstructed, and a
breach of the peace rendered probable. The court was crowded with
persons interested in the case. Mr. Superintendent Shepherd watched the
proceedings on behalf of the police authorities, Inspector Doogan
conducting the case. The prisoners were ranged in two lines across the
court. Half a dozen of them were in the uniform of the Salvation Army.
The others presented the appearance of respectable working men. Mr.
Salfford (chief clerk) said he had a letter from a Colonel Nicol, at the
headquarters of the Army, asking that the prisoners might be remanded
till counsel could be instructed for the defence. Captain Reynolds: I
have to ask for a remand, sir. We have had no time to get legal advice.
Mr. Sheil: Why have they not sent some one from your headquarters?
Captain Reynolds: They have not had time, sir. We all had to be here at
ten o'clock this morning. Mr. Safford: The prisoners were admitted to
bail between four and five o'clock on Sunday afternoon. Mr. Sheil: What
time do you ask for? Mr. Parsons (an officer from the Salvation Army
headquarters): I appear on behalf of Messrs. Burton, Matthews, and
Ranger, solicitors to the Salvation Army, to ask for a remand for three
or four days for the purpose of instructing counsel. Mr. Sheil I shall
do nothing of the sort; it is a ridiculous request. I will remand them
until tomorrow, if you like. Mr. Parsons; Make it two days, your
worship. Inspector Doogan: There are several gentlemen here as witnesses
for the police who cannot very well come on another day. Mr. Sheil: Very
well, I will go on with the case now. They have had plenty of time to
obtain advice. Mr. Parsons still pressed for a remand. Mr. Sheil: Very
well; I will remand them, on the same bail as before. A Police Witness:
But, your worship, I have already been kept here since eleven o'clock
this morning. Mr. Sheil I can't help it. If I do not give them time to
get counsel it will be a great grievance. I will remand the prisoners to
any day that will suit the witnesses. Mr. Superintendent Shepherd: The
whole of the prisoners have been on bail since Sunday afternoon. Mr.
Sheil: I will go on with the case. After a moment's consideration Mr.
Sheil added: No; I think, on consideration of the circumstances, that I
will adjourn the case till a later date. The prisoners must be ready
with their defence then. A Witness: Your honour, there are over a dozen
gentlemen here to-day who perhaps cannot attend again. Mr. Sheil: I
can't help it. I cannot go on if they ask for legal assistance. Mr.
Superintendent Shepherd agreeing, the further hearing of the case was
adjourned. A gentleman put in bail at once for all the prisoners'
reappearance.
